Importation data generating scripts (#8)
CDCgov/ixa-epi-covid: packages/importation/docs/example_indiana.qmd

Reviewer: Should there be a README for preparing the documentation, something that includes the information from the PR about 

`make uv-sync`
`uv run quarto render packages/importation/docs/example_indiana.qmd`

Also, it appears that `quarto` (and then `tinytex`) need to be added manually. I'm not sure if there's a way to cover them as part of formal dependency management, or if this should just be addressed in the overall "README" for the repo.

    "symptomatic_reporting_prob": 0.5,
    "case_fatality_ratio": 0.01,
    "proportion_asymptomatic": 0.7,
}

perkins_et_al_data = importation.get_data()

importation_model = ImportationModel(
    data=perkins_et_al_data,
    parameters=importation_params,
    national_model="PerkinsEtAl",
    state_model="proportional",
    seed=seed, # Optional argument to set the model seed
)

```

This model assumes that the importation into a state is proportional to the US importation, and that we are using the multinomial model of undetected infections from *Perkins et al. 2020* to determine the importation of all infections into the US. The data is automatically validated for the national model method selected by the user.

In order to sample the importation of infections into the state of Indiana, we use the class function `sample_state_importation_incidence`, which first calls a sample of the national model given the supplied data and then uses that national importation curve to sample the state importation curve. The function returns a Polars DataFrame with the daily number of imported infections into Indiana for each replicate.
```{python}
imported_infections_indiana = (

>     importation_model.sample_state_importation_incidence(state="IN")

Reviewer 2: One thing I am hesitant about with the structure of this approach is that I am not sure it would be sound to use our proposed importation method on every state. For example, NY would be very different because we know about actual international imports into the state. It makes me think the state should be an input of the `ImportationModel`

In order to sample the importation of infections into the state of Indiana, we use the class function `sample_state_importation_incidence`, which first calls a sample of the national model given the supplied data and then uses that national importation curve to sample the state importation curve. The function returns a Polars DataFrame with the daily number of imported infections into Indiana for each replicate.
```{python}
imported_infections_indiana = (
    importation_model.sample_state_importation_incidence(state="IN")
)
```

We can use this function to visualize the cumulative number of imported infections into Indiana across a certain number of replicates.

```{python}
import polars as pl

replicates = 500
all_importation_curves = []
for rep in range(replicates):
    replicate_data =(
        importation_model
        .sample_state_importation_incidence(
            state="IN",
            seed=seed+rep # Optional overwrite the model seed
        )
    )
    all_importation_curves.append(
        replicate_data.with_columns(
            pl.lit(rep).alias("replicate")
        )
    )

all_importation_curves_df = pl.concat(all_importation_curves)
```

> And then we can plot to see the variance in importation curves associated with a particular set of parameters.

Reviewer: Maybe it's just me, but the word "variance" makes me think specifically of sigma^2; to me "variability" is more what we're getting at.

```suggestion
And then we can plot to see the variability in importation curves associated with a single set of parameters. (This plot reflects only variability that arises from sampling, not any parameter uncertainty.)
```
